How can you lead on? Um, that a way to put that is how could you not leave
honorably? One thing the capital right now is very divisive. That's
the capital. It's not you. It's your ship. Such as water. Such
your submarine you need to lead. Honorable. You need to lead your men
and women that are assigned to your command. You will. It's easy.
There's an old adage about get up each morning. You look at the guy
in the glass guy or the gal in the glass yourself in the mirror, you
say, What can I do better this day? Okay. I act on our integrity. That
will get you through your day. Yes. Well, tribulations. There'll
be trials. We'll get through the day. Okay? You take short cuts with
your honor and integrity. They will catch up to you. Sooner or later,
they will catch up. Don't be tempted. Don't go to the dark side.
Stay in the light. Stay with an act with your honor. Integrity